This is a sample document provided for educational purposes only. The author disclaims any and all fitness of this document as to any purpose. and its furnishing is not legal advice. Before implementing this template, consult with an attorney.

End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")  
========================================

Last updated: November 29, 2018

Please read this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") carefully before
clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using Application
("Application").

By clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using the Application, you
are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

This Agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a
single entity) and Application and it governs your use of the Application made
available to you by Application.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the "I
Agree" button and do not download or use the Application.

The Application is licensed, not sold, to you by Application for use strictly
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. This EULA for Application is
managed by [TermsFeed's EULA
Generator](https://termsfeed.com/eula/generator/).

License  
-------

Application grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
license to download, install and use the Application solely for your personal,
non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

Third-Party Services  
--------------------

The Application may display, include or make available third-party content
(including data, information, applications and other products services) or
provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third-Party Services").

You acknowledge and agree that Application shall not be responsible for any
Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness,
validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect
thereof. Application does not assume and shall not have any liability or
responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party
Services.

Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to
you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such
third parties' terms and conditions.

Term and Termination  
--------------------

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Application.

Application may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason,
suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.

This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from
Application, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application
and all copies thereof from your mobile device or from your computer.

Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the Application
and delete all copies of the Application from your mobile device or from your
computer.

Termination of this Agreement will not limit any of Application's rights or
remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by you (during the term of this
Agreement) of any of your obligations under the present Agreement.

Amendments to this Agreement  
----------------------------

Application reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace
this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least
30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a
material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Application after any revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Application.

Governing Law  
-------------

The laws of Nevada, United States, excluding its conflicts of law rules,
shall govern this Agreement and your use of the Application. Your use of the
Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or
international laws.

Contact Information  
-------------------

If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.

Entire Agreement  
----------------

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Application
regarding your use of the Application and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and Application.

You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when you use
or purchase other Application's services, which Application will provide to
you at the time of such use or purchase.

